Instructions
------------

This project contains a very simple particle system. It has been created using Unity 2018.3.3f1 (the
latest stable version at the time we updated the project), but any 2018.3.xxx should work fine.
You can download this version at this url :
https://unity3d.com/fr/get-unity/download/archive?_ga=2.33234878.1037282688.1548845390-724760772.1508947446.

If you have any problems opening the project, please let us know.

Don't forget to open "Test.scene".

The test is expected to take no more than a couple of hours, but you can spend as long as you like.
You may refer to any reference materials you think would be useful, e.g. MSDN, Google.

Please don't worry if you get stuck on a question, just move on to the next one.
The test is mostly to show us how you think, not whether your answers match ours exactly,
so it's definitely not the case that you would "fail" the test by skipping a question.

Please bear in mind that :
- You CANNOT use Unity's native ParticleSystem, please consider we have a good reason to discard that feature.
- You CANNOT modify the emission rate or particle lifespans in any way that would result in less particles onscreen. Expected outcome is around 14K particles.
- You can add new classes and files if you want.
- For the UI, you should use the UI module of Unity (Canvas, Button, etc..) and NOT IMGUI (that uses the OnGUI() method).

UI :
	U1 - Make a simple "MainMenu" scene containing a Canvas and a Button. Clicking on this button starts the asynchonous (non-additive) loading of the "Test" scene.

	U2 - When the loading starts, display a "splash screen" that fades in (alpha from 0 to 1) during 1 second, and once the loading is finished it fades out (alpha 1 to 0) during 1 second.
		Use the "SplashScreen" prefab to do this.
		Don't shorten the fade in time even if the loading of the scene takes less than 1 second.
		Use a coroutine to change the alpha of the splash screen.

BUGS :
	B1 - When compiled in Release mode, the number of particles isn't updated and stays at 0 in the
	info display, but works fine in Development mode.

	B2 - The bombs emit particles in a square pattern, they should emit in a circle/sphere pattern.

	B3 - There probably are other bugs hidden in the code, try to fix as much as you can.

OPTIMIZATIONS :
	O1 - Framerate drops progressively when the game run for a moment, find the cause of this drop
	and fix it.

	O2 - What strategies would you use to improve the framerate ?
	
	Bonus - Implement one or several of those strategies to optimize the code (but do not spend too much time on this).

Features to add :
	F1 - We'd like the particles to fade out at the end of their lifespan.
		- The fade duration must be tweakable in the particle inspector.
		- The fade should not change the lifespan of the particle, meaning that if the random
		lifespan was t, then the particle should display normally during t - f (where f is the
		duration of the fade), then fade on f.

	F2 - Implement a method that instantly kills 50% of the particles. Add a UI button or bind a key
	to this function.